  PASS  MUST   coverage          125 assigned of 125; unfiled=0
  PASS  MUST   declared          all topics declared
  PASS  MUST   part_name_match   0 mismatch(es)
  PASS  MUST   no_orphan_topic   none
  PASS  MUST   batch1_stability  1 of 117 previously-filed papers moved (limit 15); Yuan: MHC class II presentation and CD4 responses -> Generative design of epitopes and vaccines
  PASS  MUST   no_giant_topic    over 15: none
  PASS  SHOULD min_topic_size    under 3: [('HLA genotyping', 2)] (narrowness declared: ['HLA genotyping'])
  PASS  SHOULD part_balance      largest part 24%
  PASS  SHOULD topic_count       19 topics
  n/a   SHOULD cohesion          NOT MEASURED - circular by the criteria file's own statement
  n/a   SHOULD seam_declared     verified by reading the review prose

9 passed, 0 failed, 2 not measured

(previous assignment read from git HEAD: 117 papers)

---
Criteria: eval/reclustering.json, written before any candidate taxonomy existed.
Scored by scripts-free harness reading the PREVIOUS taxonomy from git HEAD.

A CORRECTION TO THIS REPORT'S OWN EARLIER VERSION.

The first version of this score, written for the 117-paper revision, reported
"batch1_stability: 0 of 60 batch-1 papers changed topic" as a PASS. That check
was VACUOUS. It read the previous assignment by parsing the installed literature
review with a regex meant to catch topic headings; the regex matched each paper's
own citation line instead, so it believed the review contained 117 distinct
"topics", one per paper -- and none of the filenames it extracted matched the
assignment keys, so the comparison loop ran over an empty intersection and could
not have reported a move however many there were.

The check now reads the previous taxonomy.json from git rather than parsing prose,
and it demonstrably works: it caught the one move in this revision (Yuan 2026,
MHC class II -> Generative design) and named it.

The reported NUMBER was nonetheless correct. The 14-topic taxonomy was
reconstructed from its generator, pinned to the 60 sources recorded in the edit
ledger at seq 1-120, and compared against the committed 18-topic taxonomy: 0 of 60
papers moved, with the two renames accounted for. So the earlier claim was true;
the evidence offered for it was not. Both facts are recorded here because a number
that happens to be right for the wrong reason is still a defect in the evaluation.

NOTES ON THE PASSES:

  min_topic_size  passes ONLY through the exception the criterion allows. "HLA
                  genotyping" holds 2 papers, below the floor of 3, kept because
                  the subject is genuinely narrow and the description says so.
                  Unchanged from the previous revision, and still the thing the
                  next revision should resolve.

  batch1_stability  1 of 117 moved. Yuan (2026), EpiMII, moved from "MHC class II
                  presentation and CD4 responses" to the new "Generative design of
                  epitopes and vaccines" -- it generates epitopes, which is that
                  topic's defining act, rather than being a class II prediction
                  method. Declared rather than left to be noticed.

NOT MEASURED: cohesion (circular by the criteria file's own advance statement) and
seam_declared (verified by reading the review prose, not checkable by script).

WHAT THIS DOES NOT ESTABLISH: that the taxonomy is better, only that it satisfies
constraints fixed in advance and did not quietly re-file the existing collection.
